Travis CI Fix (#88)
epispot/epispot: requirements/README.md

> ## `requirements/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# requirements/
```

Contains requirement files for different purposes.

> |File|Description|
> |---|---|
> |`requirements.txt`|Base requirements for the package.|
> |`requirements-dev.txt`|Requirements for developers.|
> |`requirements-nightly.txt`|Base requirements for the nightly package.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| File | Description |
| --- | --- |
| requirements.txt | Base requirements for the package. |
| requirements-nightly.txt | Base requirements plus experimental dependencies for the nightly package. |
| requirements-dev.txt | All the base requirements and experimental dependencies plus dev tools. |
```
